IMPORTANT: ensure that the node names used during cluster setup match… (#7333)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/linux/sql-server-linux-availability-group-cluster-ubuntu.md

   sudo pcs cluster start --all
   sudo pcs cluster enable --all
   ```

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > In the current implementation of the SQL Server resource agent, the node name must match the `ServerName` property from your instance. For example, if your node name is *node1*, make sure SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') returns *node1* in your SQL Server instance. If there is a mismatch, your replicas will go into a resolving state after the pacemaker resource is created.
> >
> > A scenario where this rule is important is when using fully qualified domain names. For example, if you use *node1.yourdomain.com* as the node name during cluster setup, make sure SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') returns *node1.yourdomain.com*, and not just *node1*. The possible workarounds for this problem are:
> > - Rename your host name to the FQDN and use `sp_dropserver` and `sp_addserver` store procedures to ensure the metadata in SQL Server matches the change. 
> > - Use the `addr` option in the `pcs cluster auth` command to match the node name to the SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') value and use a static IP as the node address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> In the current implementation of the SQL Server resource agent, the node name must match the `ServerName` property from your instance. For example, if your node name is *node1*, make sure SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') returns *node1* in your SQL Server instance. If there is a mismatch, your replicas will go into a resolving state after the pacemaker resource is created.
>
> A scenario where this rule is important is when using fully qualified domain names. For example, if you use *node1.yourdomain.com* as the node name during cluster setup, make sure SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') returns *node1.yourdomain.com*, and not just *node1*. The possible workarounds for this problem are:
> - Rename your host name to the FQDN and use `sp_dropserver` and `sp_addserver` store procedures to ensure the metadata in SQL Server matches the change. 
> - Use the `addr` option in the `pcs cluster auth` command to match the node name to the SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') value and use a static IP as the node address. 
```

   sudo pcs cluster start --all
   sudo pcs cluster enable --all
   ```

> >[!IMPORTANT]
> >In the current implementation of the SQL Server resource agent the node name must match the ServerName property from your instance. So, for example, if your node name is *node1*, you need to ensure SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') returns *node1* in your SQL Server instance. If there is a mistmach your replicas will go into resolving state after the pacemaker resource is created.
> >
> >An scenario where this rule is important is when using fully qualified domain names. For example if you use *node1.yourdomain.com* as the node name during cluster setup, you need to ensure SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') returns *node1.yourdomain.com* and not just *node1*. 
> >The possible workarounds for this problem are:
> >- Rename your host name to the FQDN and use sp_dropserver and sp_addserver store procs to ensure the metadata in SQL Server matches the change. 
> >- Use the addr option in the 'pcs cluster auth' command to match the node name to the SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') value and use an static IP as the node address. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> In the current implementation of the SQL Server resource agent, the node name must match the `ServerName` property from your instance. For example, if your node name is *node1*, make sure SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') returns *node1* in your SQL Server instance. If there is a mismatch, your replicas will go into a resolving state after the pacemaker resource is created.
>
> A scenario where this rule is important is when using fully qualified domain names. For example, if you use *node1.yourdomain.com* as the node name during cluster setup, make sure SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') returns *node1.yourdomain.com*, and not just *node1*. The possible workarounds for this problem are:
> - Rename your host name to the FQDN and use `sp_dropserver` and `sp_addserver` store procedures to ensure the metadata in SQL Server matches the change. 
> - Use the `addr` option in the `pcs cluster auth` command to match the node name to the SERVERPROPERTY('ServerName') value and use a static IP as the node address. 

```

Please commit these changes.
